0.11.11: Add APIs for setting font with/without antialiasing, cursor color,
	 hilite color, and a forkpty()-alike.  Fix meta-space.  Use glib 2.4's
	 child watch API if available.
	 Add a configure switch for setting the default emulation instead of
	 hard-coding it to be "xterm".
	 Tweak autowrapping of text to handle cases where the terminal has
	 both LP and xn capabilities.
	 Truncate empty lines when copying text to mimic xterm.
	 Internally abstract out matching APIs, though we still use POSIX regex.
	 Try to set UTF8 line editing mode under sufficiently-new Linux.
	 Obey Pango's specified attributes when displaying pre-edit text.
	 Never steal modifier keys which might affect the input method from
	 the input methods.
	 Fix python binding so that help() lists the terminal class.
0.11.10: Fix cases where the application sets the encoding.  Adjust display of
         way-too-wide characters to better comply with openi18n.
0.11.9: Accessibility improvements.  Multihead fixes.  Revert to the 0.10 way
        of determining how wide an ambiguously-wide character should be.  Fix
        origin mode.  Fix linefeed mode, really.  Fix saving/restoring the
        cursor position via DECSET/DECRST.  Fix handling of control characters
        in the middle of control sequences.  Don't subject users to my crude
        approximation of U00A3 if any available font can be used instead.
0.11.8: Fix some memory leaks.  Fix compilation on Solaris.  Fix Ctrl-Space.
0.11.7: Properly recognizes 8-bit versions of SS2 and SS3 intermixed with
        UTF-8.  Add Macedonian and Welsh translations (yay GTP!).  Fix keypad
        page down key in application keypad mode.  Internalize some conversions
        to work better on platforms which lack a gunichar-compatible iconv
        target or UTF-8 to UTF-8 conversions.
0.11.6: Recognizes 8-bit versions of SS2 and SS3.
        Shares pixmap and pixbuf backgrounds between multiple terminal widgets
        within the same process, reducing both memory and CPU use.
0.11.5: Support for PC437.  Fix Ctrl+/.  Use xrdb font settings if GTK+ doesn't
        have anything to say.
0.11.4: Speedier transparency update when you move the windows, fixes for
        flickering when scrolling part of the screen, accessibility fixes.
        Bold works again.
0.11.3: Reworked handling of ISO-2022 text, handles Chinese and Korean
        correctly.
0.11.2: Fix for wrapping when selecting by word or lines.  Fix to conform to
        OpenI18N assertions.
0.11.1: A native FT2 drawing backend which may be faster than Pango on systems
        without Xft2.  Support for scrolling backgrounds for everyone.
0.11.0: Support for using font sets for better Unicode coverage when drawing
        using Xft2.  Support for scrolling backgrounds with Xft2.
0.10: Rewrote selection to better integrate dingus and autoscroll support.  The
      previous implementation was just a mess.  Changed the APIs so that callers
      have to decide whether or not to log (NOTE: this breaks gnome-terminal
      versions before 2.1.1 and 2.0.2).
0.9: Added integration with gnome-pty-helper.  This makes the lastlog/utmp/wtmp
     stuff work.
0.8: Added iso-2022 and national replacement character substitutions.  Line
     drawing characters are now represented as Unicode code points internally,
     so if you select a graphical line, you'll get the right results when you
     paste it.
0.7: Broke rendering code up into a couple of pieces to take advantage of
     Xft2 and Xlib APIs for drawing more than one character at a time.
0.6: Replaced the trie parser with a table-driven parser which is faster but
     only accurate enough for ANSI-compatible terminal types.  At some point
     I'll add a redirection layer to use the older code for other terminals.
0.5: Store characters as gunichars internally instead of wchar_t's.  Most of
     the internal processing is performed on gunichars anyway.
0.4: Support for Xft2 (which lets us do things faster than Xft1), and python
     bindings.
0.3: Initial accessibility peer implementation.

prehistory
